Now in rare cases you also might want to switch way more than just some styles and a component and therefore
in your component file you would have a lot of if checks a lot of platform selects.
In such cases you can all do work with multiple files.
You can create a main button dot Android J.S. file and another main button dot Io s dot J.S. file and
then react native will automatically load the android component here for Android and RW for Iowa's important
though in the places where you use your button you shouldn't adjust your imports.
So here are my IDE automatically adjusted this.
You should still import main button as if the file would be named Main button Dot.
J.S. don't import from thought Android or dot os import from just main button so make sure you have
all these imports fixed because React Native will automatically renamed us behind the scenes and loads
the correct file based on the platform you're running on.
And now here I can copy my code into the IRS file and obviously get rid of all platform checks.
Now get rid of this surrounding view which I only needed to clip my ripple effect which I won't have
when I was get rid of the button component and always use touchable opacity because we're well on I
w we don't have the ripple effect there.
We don't need to import imported we don't need the platform API and now we have a button that will look
and feel the way it should look and feel on ISIS.
We also don't need that class anymore and on Android we do the same.
We still need touchable opacity because we still need to check the android worsen and render touchable
opacity if it's too low.
But we don't need to check for Android anymore because we obviously always run on Android thanks to
our file ending and the rest stale for all to should be fine.
Now here we don't really need dad split into two files because we didn't have too much separate logic.
But if you had very complex components with a lot of different styles and layout for the different platforms
then splitting it into a platform specific files might be the best thing to do.
Now with that I'll actually restart that to make sure that all these changes are picked up correctly.
And then run this on Android and I was and also dismiss the running apps there and restart them to make
sure that they are re reloaded correctly and you should then see your application run correctly on both
platforms again with the platform specific styles so here with the ripple effect on Android for example
and the opacity effect on us thanks to our separate files and you can use that separate file system
on any component file or any fall in general any javascript file there if you have got Android and Dot
I w and of course these names have to be correct dot Android dot Chase and Dot I w J.S. then D files
will be loaded for different platforms your app is running on Ustad if you have a lot of different logic
in the files and you would have a lot of if checks in there a lot of platform select in there and data
for you have cleaner code by having different files.